Once we know our stakeholders,
their use cases, we need to identify what data they need.
Is it entity data or event data?
We need to know the difference between entity and event data
because how they can be processed and stored is different,
and that influences our technology decisions.
Entity data, entity is a unique objects such as customer, product, order.
Attributes are the property that describe it for a customer.
Entity attributes could be name, address, email, phone.
Data that follows entity data model rules is called entity data.
This might sound like a recursive definition,
but as we discuss this further it will become clear.
Entity data is stored in a table.
For every entity there is a separate table,
and every table has columns that are attributes describing these entities.
One row is dedicated to record one type of entity.
In our example, John Doe is one record of customer entity and Vaishali another record.
It's time to practice your entity data modeling skills.
Please complete the quiz and we'll meet in the solution section.